Now, that's it for this course section,
and in this section,
you learned that there's a broad variety of events
that can be used for triggering your workflows.
There are many supported events,
most of them are repository related
like pushing or pull requests or issue related,
but there also are more general events
like a schedule on which you wanna run your workflows
or manually triggering your workflows.
Now, when it comes to specifying the events,
many events do support activity types,
which allow you to further narrow down
which exact event types should trigger a workflow.
For example, you could configure your workflow
such that it runs when a pull request is opened or edited,
you could also configure it such that it runs
when it's closed, whatever you need.
Now, regarding pull requests,
it's also worth noting that if a pull request
is coming from a forked repository,
it will by default not trigger
your pull request related workflows,
because you have to manually approve
such unknown contributors first
before the pull request related workflow will run.
Future workflow executions will then run automatically
for pull requests from that person.
Now, once a workflow is up and running,
it can also be canceled either automatically,
because it failed, because some job failed,
because some step in a job failed,
or you can cancel it manually
if you know that the workflow won't succeed anyways
or for some other reason,
you don't want it to continue running.
If you know right before pushing or whatever you're doing
that you don't want your workflow to run,
you can add a special instruction
or a couple of special instructions to be precise
to your commit messages to skip the workflow run
that would otherwise be started.
Well, and speaking of skipping workflow runs,
you can also add event filters to your event definitions,
which are kind of related to activity types,
but which are not specifying which exact version
of an event should trigger a workflow,
but which instead allow you to only run a workflow
if a certain condition is met.
Those event filters exist for push and pull request events,
and you can, for example, filter based on the branch
that's targeted by the push or the pull request
or by the files that will be affected.
This allows you to control in detail
when exactly your workflows should be executed.